Okay,
guys,
some Welcome back.
Now what we're gonna do now is we're gonna have a couple of new subroutines way up the top
.
The first someone we're going to do is a run order.
So I'm just gonna call it a sub.
In fact,
only call it.
Privates are private.
So And for now,
I'm gonna call it run or doctor.
So it's descriptive.
We can always change it a little later on balm bump.
And in here,
I'm gonna call the names of the subroutines in the order in which we want them to execute.
But the next subliminal create is also private,
sub private sub.
This was gonna be called data capture,
and we're gonna put all of our data capturing code in this particular celebrating.
And so if we come down here,
everything we did up to this point was all to do with capturing the string to build this
profit by day data.
So all of this I'm gonna copy from here.
Hit delete on when it come up.
Sit up then when it paste it in data capture just here.
So all of this first path,
because we're gonna have more than one set of data to capture relates to rough feet by
Thank So all of this relates to the profit by day now also,
because we may want to transfer some of the states at my source sheet,
most definitely between the modules.
I'm also gonna move all of these from here all the way up to the top on drop them right at
the top.
So they become module level variables.
That way,
we haven't got a worry about declaring them locally in each of the subroutines weaken.
Just pass the data between the subs.
Okay,
so now we have our first call to the data capture,
and we have a second call to the aunt you sheet on the 3rd 1 was the profit by day,
so profit by day.
So so far,
they are the three bits of code that we have that completely dynamic.
And we're just gonna run through to make sure that they work.
So I'm in this sublime hitting athletic data.
Capture my source.
She's on the wrong sheet.
Let's hit.
Stop.
Let's select the right cheat.
Let's try that again.
Okay,
So data capture bom bom bom data catch capture.
Name the source sheet perfect.
Captured the day range Perfect.
Capture the profit range Perfect.
Built that string dynamically at runtime.
Fantastic.
Add a new sheet bomb,
bomb,
bomb and capture the name to the valuable.
My new sheet sayings in that sheet seven profit May Day here we're adding the charges in C
has been added here on Dhere.
We can change that now to my you sheet.
We don't need to enclose it in quotes because it's a variable name and therefore it doesn't
appear in quotes.
I can also delete the change this because we've no changed it every night.
Andi,
If I select on paste,
in fact I'll just run its out a book and a cane.
Now let's have a look at why that arid?
Because when we actually created the chart there at run time here we can see that the
charts name is chart too.
But it's actually been referred to when we recorded it as chart one.
So the next thing we need to do is to change the name of the chart as we create it.
Okay else,
even the Lexx lecture we'll have a look at doing just that.
I'll see you there